[DOCS] Adds 7.17.6 release notes (#139242)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

{kibana-ref-all}/7.12/release-notes-7.12.0.html#breaking-changes-7.12.0[7.12] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.11/breaking-changes-7.11.html[7.11] | 
{kibana-ref-all}/7.10/breaking-changes-7.10.html[7.10] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.9/breaking-changes-7.9.html[7.9] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.8/breaking-changes-7.8.html[7.8] | 
{kibana-ref-all}/7.7/breaking-changes-7.7.html[7.7] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.6/breaking-changes-7.6.html[7.6] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.5/breaking-changes-7.5.html[7.5] |
{kibana-ref-all}/7.4/breaking-changes-7.4.html[7.4] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.3/breaking-changes-7.3.html[7.3] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.2/breaking-changes-7.2.html[7.2] | 
{kibana-ref-all}/7.1/breaking-changes-7.1.html[7.1] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.0/breaking-changes-7.0.html[7.0]

[float]
[[fixes-v7.17.6]]
=== Bug fixes
APM::
Upgrades package version to 7.17.0 for APM Fleet migration {kibana-pull}137104[#137104]

Connectors::
Should trim values before validation in UI and API {kibana-pull}136840[#136840]

Dashboard::
Transfer state when drilldown is opened in a new tab {kibana-pull}124770[#124770]

> Discover::
> Fixes _source fields of objects formatting {kibana-pull}136473[#136473]

Reviewer: I think labeling it like this would make it a bit clearer
```suggestion
Discover::
Fixes objects formatting when discover:searchFieldsFromSource in Advanced settings is enabled {kibana-pull}136473[#136473]
```
